(soft guitar)
What if, like me,
you've got your routine?
Afternoon. What can I get ya?
Apple pie and custard, please.
That's two pounds.
It might be a morning thing, lunch time, after work.
Wherever.
Life's just taken over.
One day rolls into the next.
And then,
Out of the blue,
Wallop.
It hits ya.
Whoa.
Where'd that come from?
(heartbeats)
And what if, like me--
Good afternoon. What will it be today?
Apple pie and custard, please.
You're useless at this sort of thing.
You're all fingers and thumbs.
Cat's got your tongue.
Oh, I don't know, any other lousy metaphor.
And then, what if, like me, you tell yourself,
just talk to her?
What's the worst that can happen?
Hello there. Now let me guess...
You're desperate to say something.
Anything.
But all you can manage is,
apple pie and custard please.
And just when you think that things can't get any worse,
(upbeat music)
life just kicks you in the nuts.
Afternoon. What can I get ya?
Good question.
I'll have a smile to start with.
That's better.
Let me see.
How about,
your number?
I don't think so.
No?
Give me a hundred good reasons why not, and I'll walk away.
What can I get ya?
Okay, okay, a cup of tea, please.
And your number.
But, what if, like me,
you find a way to change all that?
You find a time portal.
A time portal, I know. Handy eh?
And this time portal allows you to,
you can see where this is heading.
Allows you to,
go back in time.
Back to the very moment you want to change.
So, you're up all night.
You make sure you're looking your best.
Looking good. Feeling good.
You're on top of the world.
(shooting gun sounds)
Life is beautiful.
There's no turning back.
You walk through the time portal on your date with destiny.
Weird, you say to yourself.
But you don't quite know how this time travel luck works.
Just yet.
Hello there. Now let me guess...
The moment of truth.
And then it comes out.
Apple pie and custard, please.
But you don't give up.
It's a time portal.
You go back, have another bash.
You walk through the time portal, on your date with destiny.
Again.
Weird, you say to yourself.
And again.
And you still don't quite know
how this time travel luck works.
Just yet.
Hello there. Now, let me guess...
The moment of truth.
And then it comes out.
Apple pie and custard, please.
Again.
That's when you realize how this time travel luck works.
You go back in time with the same set of life skills
and experience.
You haven't grown, you haven't moved on.
Hello there. Now let me guess...
Apple pie and custard, please.
Of course you do it all again in exactly the same way.
You haven't changed.
You haven't learned from anything.
You've just gone back in time.
So, what if, like me,
you're a thinker?
A day dreamer?
You keep mulling things over.
Lost in another time.
Past failures sitting heavy on your soul.
You might just miss out on what's around the corner.
("Dedicated Dreamers" by John Blythe)